Console of Mormon Game Text

Welcome to the Book of Mormon, the Choose Your Own Adventure game!

Select a character to begin:

A) Nephi 
B) Alma (UNAVAILABLE IN DEMO VERSION)
C) Mormon (UNAVAILABLE IN DEMO VERSION)

Nephi:

It’s just a regular day in Jerusalem under Zedekiah’s reign. The sun beats down
on your face as you carry out your daily chores at home. You’re Nephi, a boy
braver and more mature than your young age would suggest. Sam, your brother,
whistles wistfully as he helps you feed the animals. So many animals to feed makes
for long work, but you think about how lucky you are to have such an amazing house
and possessions in the big city of Jerusalem. Everyday you would wake up and
sigh in relief, realizing that nothing had changed. Life is good.

The sun begins to set, and you and Sam are just finishing scrubbing the outer walls
of your clay house. “Go ahead inside and rest, Sam,” you offer your brother. “You’ve
earned it. I’ll finish up here.” Sam cheerfully accepts your offer and heads inside.

A few moments later, you look up to see a sillouhette in the distance staggering
toward the house. You…

A) Call out to the sillouhette
B) Hide in the bushes and observe
C) Walk towards the sillouhette

A:

“Who’s there?” you call in a loud voice. There’s an eerie pause. The figure enters
the light of the lanterns hanging on the house walls and you recognize your father.
His skin is pale like the driven snow, and he had a frightened expression. “It’s just
me, Nephi,” he sighs as he staggers toward you. He looks like he's about
to fall over.

B:

You run to the bushes and conceal yourself. Eventually the figure enters the light
of the lanterns hanging on the house walls and you recognize your father.
His skin is pale like the driven snow, and he had a frightened expression.
You give a sigh of relieve and exit the bushes. “Father?” you call quietly, so as
not to startle him.

C:

You walk toward the figure and eventually make out the features of your father’s
face in the dim light. “Hello, Father!” you greet happily. It was always great when
Father returned home. But something seems off this time. Lehi takes a couple
staggered steps forward like he is about to fall over.

“What’s wrong? Are you o-,“ suddenly he stumbles to the ground and you catch
him in the knick of time. You carry him into the house and lay him on the bed.

“Nephi…” he whispers weakly. “What is it, Father?” you reply, kneeling down to
better hear his almost soundless voice. “This city is a city of wickedness. They
are slow of understanding and hard of heart just as the Prophets have foretold.
They do not remember Jehovah as their God. I fear for them, my son. I fear for
thy brothers.” You think about your two older brothers, Laman and Lemuel.
They aren’t as obedient as you and Sam, but you love and respect them
 in only the way a younger brother would understand.

Your father must have seen the glimmer of fear in your eyes. “Leave me, Nephi,”
Lehi says with a smile and two gentle pats on your hands, which at that moment
were tightly clutching your father’s. “I am well enough off.” You…

A) Obey your father and leave the room.
B) Refuse to leave and sleep on the ground next to his bed.

A:

You nod and leave the room quietly. You lie down in your bed and
think about what you just saw. (Obedience +1) 

B:

You shake your head and lie down next to Lehi’s bed. (Charity +1)
————————

Soon night falls and you drift into sleep.

…

